I know you'll bless me.
You go out, you control your heart.
It doesn't belong to you, don't think about it.
First snow, so I went to the wedding without a bridesmaid.
Can you be my bridesmaid?
I can't.
Why not?
It's not always like that.
How can you find me as a bridesmaid?
Not suitable, you are my best friend.
I said appropriate is appropriate.
There will be no objection this year.
No.
Why not this year?
I want to go out and be a bridesmaid.
I don't want to think about it.
Is it dangerous?
We'll talk about this later.
Let's think together.
Dear, let's decide first.
Zhang just needs to get a certificate.
When she woke up, what about the snow?
Raw rice has been cooked for a long time.
When I was pregnant.
In the end, Gu Tu Ninh even discovered that Ninh Sister Snow was his lover.
Not that far, is it?
Yes, we apply for a license first.
Maybe after we get the license, which is so good, you let your grandmother wake up earlier.
That's bullshit.
You can have this kind of feudal superstition.
She's awake.